Add Jetty and Mariadb files (#274)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/mariadb.md

---
name: MariaDB 

> category: Databases - SQL

Author: This is not a listed name in the category list.

description: MariaDB is a popular open-source relational database management system (RDBMS). It is a robust, scalable, and secure RDBMS that continues to evolve with the contributions of its community. It provides the tools and flexibility to meet your database needs.
download_url: https://archive.mariadb.org/
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: mariadb-10.3.7
    release_date: 2018/05/24

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://mariadb.org/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: https://learn.arm.com/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/mariadb/
        partner_content: 
        official_docs: https://mariadb.com/kb/en/getting-installing-and-upgrading-mariadb/
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date: 

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: https://archive.mariadb.org/mariadb-10.3.7/repo/ubuntu/dists/bionic/main/binary-arm64/
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: From the GitHub repository, we found only tags(https://github.com/MariaDB/server/tags), but from the official website, we located the minimum ARM64 binary. We also discovered a pull request related to ARM64 support that was merged on May 24, 2018(https://github.com/MariaDB/server/pull/773/files).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Here is the [PR](https://github.com/MariaDB/server/pull/773/files) to fix compilation issues for AArch64.
```
